UnitedHealthcare | Ohio | Choice Plus | CNDK | K35S
Choice Plus plan details,
all in one place.
Use this benefit summary to learn more about this plan’s benefits, ways
you can get help managing costs and how you may get more out of this
health plan.
Check out what’s included in the plan Choice Plus
Network coverage only
You can usually save money when you receive care for covered health care services from
network providers.
Network and out-of-network benefits
You may receive care and services from network and out-of-network providers and
facilities — but staying in the network can help lower your costs.
Primary care physician (PCP) required
With this plan, you need to select a PCP — the doctor who plays a key role in helping
manage your care. Each enrolled person on your plan will need to choose a PCP.
Referrals required
You’ll need referrals from your PCP before seeing a specialist or getting certain health
care services.
Preventive care covered at 100%
There is no additional cost to you for seeing a network provider for preventive care.
Pharmacy benefits
With this plan, you have coverage that helps pay for prescription drugs and medications.
Tier 1 providers
Using Tier 1 providers may bring you the greatest value from your health care benefits.
These PCPs and medical specialists meet national standard benchmarks for quality care
and cost savings.
Freestanding centers
You may pay less when you use certain freestanding centers — health care facilities that
do not bill for services as part of a hospital, such as MRI or surgery centers.
Health savings account (HSA)
With an HSA, you’ve got a personal bank account that lets you put money aside, tax-free.
Use it to save and pay for qualified medical expenses.
This Benefit Summary is to highlight your Benefits. Don’t use this document to understand your exact coverage. If this Benefit Summary conflicts
with the Certificate of Coverage (COC), Schedule of Benefits, Riders, and/or Amendments, those documents govern. Review your COC for an exact
description of the services and supplies that are and are not covered, those which are excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of
coverage.
1

Here's a more in-depth look at how Choice Plus works.
Medical Benefits
In Network Out-of-Network
Annual Medical Deductible
Individual $500 $1,500
Family $1,500 $4,500
Ped Dental Annual Deductible - Family Included in your medical deductible Included in your medical deductible
Ped Dental Annual Deductible - Individual Included in your medical deductible Included in your medical deductible
All individual deductible amounts will count toward the family deductible, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual deductible amount.
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
You're responsible for paying 100% of your medical expenses until you reach your deductible. For certain covered services, you may be required to pay a fixed dollar
amount - your copay.
Annual Out-of-Pocket Limit
Individual $4,000 $8,000
Family $12,000 $16,000
All individual out-of-pocket maximum amounts will count toward the family out-of-pocket maximum, but an individual will not have to pay more than the individual
out-of-pocket maximum amount.
Once you’ve met your deductible, you start sharing costs with your plan - coinsurance. You continue paying a portion of the expense until you reach your out-of-
pocket limit. From there, your plan pays 100% of allowed amounts for the rest of the plan year.
The Federal individual Out-of-Pocket Limit applies to each individual regardless of whether the individual is enrolled in single coverage or family coverage.
What You Pay for Services
Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Designated Network Network Out-of-Network
Covered Health Care Services
Preventive Care Services
Preventive Care Services No copay 20%*
Certain preventive care services are provided as specified by
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), with no
cost-sharing to you. These services are based on your age,
gender and other health factors. UnitedHealthcare also covers
other routine services that may require a copay, co-insurance
or deductible.
Includes services such as Routine Wellness Checkups,
Immunizations, Breast Pumps, Mammography and Colorectal
Cancer Screenings.
Office Services - Sickness & Injury
Primary Care Physician
All other covered persons $15 copay $15 copay 20%*
Covered persons less than age 19 No copay No copay 20%*
Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply
when you receive other services at your physician’s office. For
example, surgery.
Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office.
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
¹Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN.
2

What You Pay for Services
Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Designated Network Network Out-of-Network
Covered Health Care Services
Specialist $15 copay $30 copay 20%*
Additional copays, deductible, or co-insurance may apply
when you receive other services at your physician’s office. For
example, surgery.
Telehealth is covered at the same cost share as in the office.
Urgent Care Center Services $50 copay 20%*
Virtual Care Services No copay 20%*
Network Benefits are available only when services are
delivered through a Designated Virtual Network Provider for
24/7 Virtual Visit services only. You can find a 24/7 Virtual Visit
Provider by contacting us at myuhc.com® or the telephone
number on your ID card. Access to 24/7 Virtual Visits and
prescription services may not be available in all states or for all
groups.
Emergency Care
Ambulance Services - Emergency Ambulance
Air Ambulance No copay* No copay*
Ground Ambulance No copay* No copay*
Ambulance Services - Non-Emergency Ambulance¹
Air Ambulance No copay* No copay*
Ground Ambulance No copay* 20%*
Dental Services - Accident Only No copay* No copay*
Emergency Health Care Services¹ $350 copay $350 copay
Inpatient Care
Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) Surgeries¹ No copay* 20%*
Habilitative Services - Inpatient¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
Limited to 60 days per year.
Hospital - Inpatient Stay¹ No copay* 20%*
Skilled Nursing Facility/Inpatient Rehabilitation Facility No copay* 20%*
Services¹
Limited to 60 days per year in an Inpatient Rehabilitation
Facility.
Limited to 90 days per year in a Skilled Nursing Facility.
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
¹Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN.
3

What You Pay for Services
Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Designated Network Network Out-of-Network
Covered Health Care Services
Outpatient Care
Habilitative Services - Outpatient $15 copay 20%*
Limited to 20 visits of cognitive rehabilitation therapy per year.
Limited to 20 visits of manipulative treatments per year.
Limited to 25 visits of occupational therapy per year.
Limited to 25 visits of occupational therapy related to Autism
Spectrum Disorder per year.
Limited to 25 visits of physical therapy per year.
Limited to 25 visits of physical therapy related to Autism
Spectrum Disorder per year.
Limited to 25 visits of speech therapy per year.
Limited to 25 visits of speech therapy related to Autism
Spectrum Disorder per year.
Limited to 30 visits of post-cochlear implant aural therapy per
year.
Limited to 20 hours per week of clinical therapeutic
intervention for Covered Persons with a medical diagnosis of
Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Home Health Care¹ No copay* 20%*
Limited to 100 visits per year.
Limited to 105 visits of Private Duty Nursing per year.
One visit equals up to four hours of skilled care services for
Home Health Care and one visit equals eight hours of skilled
care services for Private Duty Nursing. This visit limit does not
include any service which is billed only for the administration of
intravenous infusion.
Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - Lab Testing¹ No copay 50%* 20%*
Limited to 18 Definitive Drug Tests per year.
Limited to 18 Presumptive Drug Tests per year.
For Designated Network Benefits, laboratory services must be
received from a Designated Diagnostic Provider. Network
Benefits include laboratory services received from a Network
provider that is not a Designated Diagnostic Provider.
Lab, X-Ray and Diagnostic - Outpatient - X-Ray and other No copay 20%*
Diagnostic Testing¹
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
¹Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN.
4

What You Pay for Services
Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Designated Network Network Out-of-Network
Covered Health Care Services
Major Diagnostic and Imaging - Outpatient¹ No copay* You pay a $500 per You pay a $500 per
occurrence deductible per occurrence deductible per
service prior to and in service prior to and in
addition to paying any addition to paying any
Annual Deductible and any Annual Deductible and any
coinsurance amount. 50%* coinsurance amount. 20%*
For Designated Network Benefits, services must be received
from a Designated Diagnostic Provider. Network Benefits
include services received from a Network provider that is not a
Designated Diagnostic Provider.
You may have to pay an extra copay, deductible or
coinsurance for physician fees or pharmaceutical products.
Physician Fees for Surgical and Medical Services
Primary care visits No copay* No copay* 20%*
Specialist care visits No copay* No copay* 20%*
Rehabilitation Services - Outpatient Therapy and Manipulative $15 copay 20%*
Treatment
Limited to 20 visits of cognitive rehabilitation therapy per year.
Limited to 20 visits of manipulative treatments per year.
Limited to 25 visits of occupational therapy per year.
Limited to 25 visits of physical therapy per year.
Limited to 25 visits of pulmonary rehabilitation therapy per
year.
Limited to 25 visits of speech therapy per year.
Limited to 30 visits of post-cochlear implant aural therapy per
year.
Limited to 36 visits of cardiac rehabilitation therapy per year.
Scopic Procedures - Outpatient Diagnostic and Therapeutic No copay* 20%*
Diagnostic/therapeutic scopic procedures include, but are not
limited to colonoscopy, sigmoidoscopy and endoscopy.
Surgery - Outpatient¹ No copay* 20%*
Therapeutic Treatments - Outpatient¹ No copay* 20%*
Therapeutic treatments include, but are not limited to dialysis,
intravenous chemotherapy, intravenous infusion, medical
education services and radiation oncology.
Supplies and Services
Diabetes Self-Management Items¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided under
Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies or in the Prescription Drug Benefits
Section.
Diabetes Self-Management and Training/Diabetic Eye The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
Exams/Foot Care¹
Durable Medical Equipment (DME), Orthotics and Supplies¹ No copay* 20%*
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
¹Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN.
5

What You Pay for Services
Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Designated Network Network Out-of-Network
Covered Health Care Services
Enteral Nutrition No copay* 20%*
Hearing Aids No copay* 20%*
Limited to $2,500 per year.
Limited to a single purchase per hearing impaired ear every 3
years.
Repair and/or replacement of a hearing aid would apply to this
limit in the same manner as a purchase.
Ostomy Supplies No copay* 20%*
Pharmaceutical Products - Outpatient No copay* 20%*
This includes medications given at a doctor's office, or in a
covered person's home.
Prosthetic Devices¹ No copay* 20%*
Urinary Catheters No copay* 20%*
Pregnancy
Pregnancy - Maternity Services¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided except that
an Annual Deductible will not apply for a newborn child whose length of stay in the Hospital is
the same as the mother's length of stay.
Mental Health Care & Substance Related and
Addictive Disorder Services
Inpatient¹ No copay* 20%*
Outpatient $15 copay 20%*
Partial Hospitalization¹ No copay* 20%*
Other Services
Cellular and Gene Therapy¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
For Network Benefits, Cellular or Gene Therapy services must
be received from a Designated Provider.
Clinical Trials¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
Dental Anesthesia and Facility The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
Fertility Preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility¹ No copay* 20%*
Limited to $20,000 per Covered Person per lifetime.
Limited to $5,000 for Prescription Drug Products per Covered
Person.
Limited to 1 cycle of fertility preservation for Iatrogenic Infertility
per lifetime.
This Benefit limit will be the same as, and combined with,
those stated under Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and
Related Services.
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
¹Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN.
6

What You Pay for Services
Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Designated Network Network Out-of-Network
Covered Health Care Services
Gender Dysphoria¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided or in the
Prescription Drug Benefits Section.
Hospice Care¹ No copay* 20%*
Orthotic Devices¹ No copay* 20%*
Limited to a single purchase of orthotic replacement per year.
This limit does not apply to orthotic devices that are damaged
and cannot be repaired or the replacement of orthotic devices
due to rapid growth for children under the age of 18.
Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) and Related Services¹ No copay* 20%*
Benefit limits for related services will be the same as, and
combined with, those stated under Fertility Preservation for
Iatrogenic Infertility. This limit does not include Preimplantation
Genetic Testing (PGT) for the specific genetic disorder. This
limit includes Benefits for ovarian stimulation medications
provided under the Outpatient Prescription Drug Section.
Reconstructive Procedures¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ) Services¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
Transplantation Services¹ The amount you pay is based on where the covered health care service is provided.
Network Benefits must be received from a Designated
Provider.
Vision Correction After Surgery No copay* 20%*
Limited to 1 pair of eyeglasses or contacts per cataract surgery
or injury.
Wigs No copay* 20%*
Limited to 1 wig per year following cancer treatment.
Pediatric Services - Dental
All Pediatric Dental - Benefits covered up to age 19
Additional limits may apply. Refer to your plan documents for
more information.
Basic Dental Services 20%* 50%*
Diagnostic Services No copay* 50%*
Limited to 1 time every 36 months for Panoramic x-rays.
Limited to 2 evaluations (checkup exams) every 12 months.
Limited to 2 series of films every 12 months of Bitewing x-rays.
Major Restorative Services 50%* 50%*
Medically Necessary Orthodontics¹ 50%* 50%*
All orthodontic treatment must be prior authorized.
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
¹Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN.
7

What You Pay for Services
Copays ($) and Coinsurance (%) for Designated Network Network Out-of-Network
Covered Health Care Services
Preventive Services No copay* 50%*
Limited to 2 dental prophylaxis cleanings and fluoride
treatments every 12 months.
Pediatric Services - Vision
All Pediatric Vision - Benefits Covered up to age 19
Contact Lenses/Necessary Contact Lenses $25 copay 20%*
Limited to 1 fitting and evaluation every 12 months.
Limited to a 12 month supply.
We will pay benefits for only one vision care service. You may
choose either eyeglasses (eyeglass lenses and/or eyeglass
frames) or contact lenses.
Eyeglass Frames
Eyeglass frames with a retail cost below $130 No copay 20%*
Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $130-$160 $15 copay 20%*
Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $160-$200 $30 copay 20%*
Eyeglass frames with a retail cost between $200-$250 $50 copay 20%*
Eyeglass frames with a retail cost greater than $250 40% 20%*
Limited to once every 12 months.
Eyeglass Lenses $25 copay 20%*
Limited to once every 12 months.
Lens Extras No copay No copay*
Limited to once every 12 months.
Coverage includes polycarbonate lenses and standard
scratch-resistant coating.
Low Vision Testing No copay 25%*
Limited to once every 24 months.
Low Vision Therapy 25% 25%*
Limited to once every 24 months.
Routine Vision Exam $10 copay 20%*
Limited to once every 12 months.
*After the Annual Medical Deductible has been met.
¹Prior Authorization Required. Refer to COC/SBN.
8

Pharmacy Benefits
Pharmacy Plan Details
Pharmacy Network National
Prescription Drug List Essential w/ SMCS Drugs
In Network
Annual Pharmacy Deductible
Individual You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible
Family You do not have to pay a pharmacy deductible
Up to a 31-day supply Up to a 90-day supply
Retail
Prescription Drug Product Tier Retail and Specialty Non-preferred Out-of-Network Retail In-Network Mail Order
Level Pharmacy Network Specialty Pharmacy Pharmacy**
Network Pharmacy
Tier 1
$10 Not applicable $10 $25
$
Tier 2
$40 Not applicable $40 $100
$$
Tier 3
$125 Not applicable $125 $312.50
$$$
Tier 4
$300 Not applicable $300 $750
$$$$
Retail
Specialty Prescription Drug In-Network Specialty Non-preferred Out-of-Network Specialty Mail
Product Tier Level Pharmacy Specialty Specialty Pharmacy Order**
Network Pharmacy
Tier 1
$10 $20 $10 Not applicable
$
Tier 2
$40 $80 $40 Not applicable
$$
Tier 3
$125 $250 $125 Not applicable
$$$
Tier 4
$500 $1000 $500 Not applicable
$$$$
** Only certain Prescription Drug Products are available through mail order; please visit myuhc.com® or call Customer Care at the telephone number on the back of your ID card for more information. You will be charged a
retail Copayment and/or Coinsurance for 31 days or 2 times for 60 days based on the number of days supply dispensed for any Prescription Order or Refills sent to the mail order pharmacy. To maximize your Benefit, ask
your Physician to write your Prescription Order or Refill for a 90-day supply, with refills when appropriate, rather than a 30-day supply with three refills.
For Specialty Drugs from a Non-Preferred Pharmacy, you will be required to pay 2 times the Preferred Specialty Network Pharmacy Co-payment and/or 2 times the Preferred Specialty Network Pharmacy Co-insurance (up
to 50% of the Prescription Drug Charge) based on the applicable Tier.
Your Copayment and/or Coinsurance is determined by the tier to which the Prescription Drug List (PDL) Management Committee has assigned the Prescription Drug Product. All Prescription Drug Products on the
Prescription Drug List are assigned to Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 or Tier 4.
If you are a member, you can find individualized information on your benefit coverage, determine tier status, check the status of claims and search for network pharmacies by logging into your account on myuhc.com® or
calling the Customer Care number on your ID card. If you are not a member, you can view prescription information at welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Pharmacy Benefits.
9

Here’s an example of how the plan’s costs come into play.
More ways to help manage your health plan and stay in the loop.
Search the network to find doctors.
You can go to providers in and out of our network — but when
you stay in network, you’ll likely pay less for care. To get started:
.
Go to welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Find a Doctor or Facility.
.
Choose Search for a health plan.
.
Choose Choice Plus to view providers in the health plan’s network.
Manage your meds.
Look up your prescriptions using the Prescription Drug List (PDL).
It places medications in tiers that represent what you’ll pay, which
may make it easier for you and your doctor to find options to help
you save money.
.
Go to welcometouhc.com > Benefits > Pharmacy Benefits.
.
Select Essential to view the medications that are
covered under your plan.
Access your plan online.
With myuhc.com®, you’ve got a personalized health hub to help
you find a doctor, manage your claims, estimate costs and more.
Get on-the-go access.
When you’re out and about, the UnitedHealthcare® app puts your
health plan at your fingertips. Download to find nearby care, video
chat with a doctor 24/7, access your health plan ID card and more.
10

Other important information about your benefits.
Medical Exclusions
Services your plan generally does NOT cover. It is recommended that you review your COC, Amendments and Riders for an exact description of
the services and supplies that are covered, those which are excluded or limited, and other terms and conditions of coverage.
• Acupuncture
• Bariatric Surgery
• Cosmetic Surgery
• Dental Care (Adult)
• Infertility Treatment
• Long-Term Care
• Non-emergency care when traveling outside the U.S.
• Routine Eye Care (Adult)
• Routine Foot Care
• Weight Loss Programs
Outpatient Prescription Drug Benefits
For Prescription Drug Products dispensed at an In-Network Retail Pharmacy, you are responsible for paying the lowest of the following: 1) The
applicable Copayment and/or Coinsurance; 2) The In- Network Retail Pharmacy Usual and Customary Charge for the Prescription Drug Product;
and 3) The Prescription Drug Charge for that Prescription Drug Product. For Prescription Drug Products from an In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy,
you are responsible for paying the lower of the following: 1) The applicable Copayment and/or Coinsurance; and 2) The Prescription Drug Charge
for that Prescription Drug Product. For an out-of-Network Retail Pharmacy, your reimbursement is based on the Out-of-Network Reimbursement
Rate, and you are responsible for the difference between the Out-of-Network Reimbursement Rate and the out-of-Network Pharmacy’s Usual and
Customary Charge.
See the Copayment and/or Coinsurance stated in the Benefit Information table for amounts. We will not reimburse you for any non-covered drug
product.
For a single Copayment and/or Coinsurance, you may receive a Prescription Drug Product up to the stated supply limit. Some products are subject
to additional supply limits based on criteria that we have developed. Supply limits are subject, from time to time, to our review and change.
Specialty Prescription Drug Products supply limits are as written by the provider, up to a consecutive 31-day supply of the Specialty Prescription
Drug Product, unless adjusted based on the drug manufacturer’s packaging size, or based on supply limits, or as allowed under the Smart Fill
Program. Supply limits apply to Specialty Prescription Drug Products obtained at a Preferred Specialty Network Pharmacy, a Non-Preferred
Specialty Network Pharmacy, an out-of-Network Pharmacy, a mail order Network Pharmacy or a Designated Pharmacy.
Certain Prescription Drug Products for which Benefits are described under the Prescription Drug Rider are subject to step therapy requirements. In
order to receive Benefits for such Prescription Drug Products you must use a different Prescription Drug Product(s) or pharmaceutical product(s) for
which Benefits are provided as described under the Certificate first. You may find out whether a Prescription Drug Product is subject to step therapy
requirements by contacting us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card.
Before certain Prescription Drug Products are dispensed to you, your Physician, your pharmacist or you are required to obtain prior authorization
from us or our designee to determine whether the Prescription Drug Product is in accordance with our approved guidelines and it meets the
definition of a Covered Health Care Service and is not an Experimental or Investigational or Unproven Service. We may also require you to obtain
prior authorization from us or our designee so we can determine whether the Prescription Drug Product, in accordance with our approved
guidelines, was prescribed by a Specialist.
If you require certain Prescription Drug Products, we may direct you to a Designated Pharmacy with whom we have an arrangement to provide
those Prescription Drug Products. If you are directed to a Designated Pharmacy and you choose not to obtain your Prescription Drug Product from
the Designated Pharmacy, you will be subject to the Out-of-Network Benefit for that Prescription Drug Product.
Certain Preventative Care Medications may be covered at zero costshare. You can get more information by contacting us at myuhc.com or the
telephone number on your ID card.
Benefits are provided for certain Prescription Drug Products dispensed by an In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy or Preferred 90 Day Retail Network
Pharmacy. The Outpatient Prescription Drug Schedule of Benefits will tell you how In-Network Mail Order Pharmacy and Preferred 90 Day Retail
Network Pharmacy supply limits apply. Please contact us at myuhc.com or the telephone number on your ID card to find out if Benefits are
provided for your Prescription Drug Product and for information on how to obtain your Prescription Drug Product through an In-Network Mail Order
Pharmacy or Preferred 90 Day Retail Network Pharmacy.
11

Other important information about your benefits.
Pharmacy Exclusions
The following exclusions apply. In addition see your Pharmacy Rider and SBN for additional exclusions and limitations that may apply.
• A Pharmaceutical Product for which Benefits are provided in your Certificate.
• A Prescription Drug Product with either: an approved biosimilar, a biosimilar and Therapeutically Equivalent to another covered Prescription Drug
Product.
• Any Prescription Drug Product to the extent payment or benefits are provided or available from the local, state or federal government (for
example, Medicare). This exclusion does not apply to Covered Persons eligible for, but not enrolled in, Medicare.
• Any product dispensed for the purpose of appetite suppression or weight loss.
• Any product for which the primary use is a source of nutrition, nutritional supplements, or dietary management of disease, and prescription
medical food products even when used for the treatment of Sickness or Injury, except as required by state mandate.
• Certain New Prescription Drug Products and/or new dosage forms until the date they are reviewed and placed on a tier by our PDL Management
Committee.
• Certain Prescription Drug Products for tobacco cessation.
• Certain Prescription Drug Products for which there are Therapeutically Equivalent alternatives available.
• Certain Prescription Drug Products that are FDA approved as a package with a device or application, including smart package sensors and/or
embedded drug sensors.
• Certain compounded drugs.
• Diagnostic kits and products, including associated services.
• Drugs available over-the-counter.
• Drugs which are prescribed, dispensed or intended for use during an Inpatient Stay.
• Durable Medical Equipment, including certain insulin pumps and related supplies for the management and treatment of diabetes, for which
Benefits are provided in your Certificate. Prescribed and non-prescribed outpatient supplies. This does not apply to diabetic supplies and inhaler
spacers specifically stated as covered.
• Experimental or Investigational or Unproven Services and medications.
• General vitamins, except Prenatal vitamins, vitamins with fluoride, and single entity vitamins when accompanied by a Prescription Order or Refill.
• Growth hormone for children with familial short stature (short stature based upon heredity and not caused by a diagnosed medical condition).
• Medications used for cosmetic or convenience purposes.
• Prescription Drug Products dispensed outside the United States, except as required for Emergency treatment.
• Prescription Drug Products when prescribed to treat infertility. This exclusion does not apply to Prescription Drug Products prescribed to treat
Iatrogenic Infertility and Preimplantation Genetic Testing (PGT) as described in the Certificate.
• Prescription Drug Products, including New Prescription Drug Products or new dosage forms, that we determine do not meet the definition of a
Covered Health Care Service.
• Publicly available software applications and/or monitors that may be available with or without a Prescription Order or Refill.
12

UnitedHealthcare does not treat members differently because ATANSYON: Si w pale Kreyòl ayisyen (Haitian Creole), ou kapab
of sex, age, race, color, disability or national origin. benefisye sèvis ki gratis pou ede w nan lang pa w. Tanpri rele
If you think you weren’t treated fairly because of your sex, age, race, nimewo gratis ki sou kat idantifikasyon w.
color, disability or national origin, you can send a complaint to the Civil ATTENTION : Si vous parlez français (French), des services d’aide
Rights Coordinator: linguistique vous sont proposés gratuitement. Veuillez appeler le
Online: UHC_Civil_Rights@uhc.com numéro de téléphone gratuit figurant sur votre carte d’identification.
Mail: Civil Rights Coordinator UWAGA: Jeżeli mówisz po polsku (Polish), udostępniliśmy darmowe
UnitedHealthcare Civil Rights Grievance usługi tłumacza. Prosimy zadzwonić pod bezpłatny numer telefonu
P.O. Box 30608, Salt Lake City, UT 84130 podany na karcie identyfikacyjnej.
You must send the complaint within 60 days of when you found out
ATENÇÃO: Se você fala português (Portuguese), contate o serviço
about it. A decision will be sent to you within 30 days. If you disagree
de assistência de idiomas gratuito. Ligue gratuitamente para o
with the decision, you have 15 days to ask us to look at it again.
número encontrado no seu cartão de identificação.
If you need help with your complaint, please call the toll-free phone
number listed on your ID card, TTY 711, Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. ATTENZIONE: in caso la lingua parlata sia l’italiano (Italian),
to 8 p.m. You can also file a complaint with the U.S. Dept. of Health and sono disponibili servizi di assistenza linguistica gratuiti. Per favore
Human Services. chiamate il numero di telefono verde indicato sulla vostra tessera
identificativa.
Online: https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf
Complaint forms are available at: ACHTUNG: Falls Sie Deutsch (German) sprechen, stehen Ihnen
http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html. kostenlos sprachliche Hilfsdienstleistungen zur Verfügung. Bitte
rufen Sie die gebührenfreie Rufnummer auf der Rückseite Ihres
Phone: Toll-free 1-800-368-1019, 1-800-537-7697 (TDD)
Mitgliedsausweises an.
Mail: U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services,
200 Independence Avenue, SW Room 509F, HHH Building 注意事項：日本語 (Japanese) を話される場合、無料の言語支援
Washington, D.C. 20201 サービスをご利用いただけます。健康保険証に記載されている
フリーダイヤルにお電話ください。
We provide free services to help you communicate with us such as
letters in others languages or large print. You can also ask for an رایتخا رد ناگیار روط هب ینابز دادما تامدخ ،تسا (Farsi) یسراف امش نابز رگا :هجوت
interpreter. To ask for help, please call the toll-free member phone سامت هدش دیق امش ییاسانش تراک یور هک یناگیار نفلت هرامش اب افطل .دشاب یم امش
number listed on your health plan ID card. .دیریگب
ATTENTION: If you speak English, language assistance services, free ध्यान दें: यदि आप हिंदी (Hindi) बोलते है, आपको भाषा सहायता
of charge, are available to you. Please call the toll-free phone number सेबाएं, नि:शुल्क उपलब्ध हैं। कृपया अपने पहचान पत्र पर सूचीबद्ध
listed on your identification card. टोल-फ्री फोन नंबर पर कॉल करें।
ATENCIÓN: Si habla español (Spanish), hay servicios de asistencia CEEB TOOM: Yog koj hais Lus Hmoob (Hmong), muaj kev pab
de idiomas, sin cargo, a su disposición. Llame al número de txhais lus pub dawb rau koj. Thov hu rau tus xov tooj hu deb dawb
teléfono gratuito que aparece en su tarjeta de identificación. uas teev muaj nyob rau ntawm koj daim yuaj cim qhia tus kheej.
請注意：如果您說中文 (Chinese)，我們免費為您提供語言協助 ΠΡΟΣΟΧΗ : Αν μιλάτε Ελληνικά (Greek), υπάρχει δωρεάν βοήθεια
服務。請撥打會員卡所列的免付費會員電話號碼。 στη γλώσσα σας. Παρακαλείστε να καλέσετε το δωρεάν αριθμό που
θα βρείτε στην κάρτα ταυτότητας μέλους.
XIN LƯU Ý: Nếu quý vị nói tiếng Việt (Vietnamese), quý vị sẽ được
cung cấp dịch vụ trợ giúp về ngôn ngữ miễn phí. Vui lòng gọi số điện PAKDAAR: Nu saritaem ti Ilocano (Ilocano), ti serbisyo para ti
thoại miễn phí ở mặt sau thẻ hội viên của quý vị. baddang ti lengguahe nga awanan bayadna, ket sidadaan para
kenyam. Maidawat nga awagan iti toll-free a numero ti telepono nga
알림: 한국어(Korean)를 사용하시는 경우 언어 지원 서비스를
nakalista ayan iti identification card mo.
무료로 이용하실 수 있습니다. 귀하의 신분증 카드에 기재된
무료 회원 전화번호로 문의하십시오. DÍÍ BAA’ÁKONÍNÍZIN: Diné (Navajo) bizaad bee yániłti’go, saad
bee áka’anída’awo’ígíí, t’áá jíík’eh, bee ná’ahóót’i’. T’áá shǫǫdí
PAALALA: Kung nagsasalita ka ng Tagalog (Tagalog), may
ninaaltsoos nitł’izí bee nééhozinígíí bine’dę́ę́’ t’áá jíík’ehgo béésh bee
makukuha kang mga libreng serbisyo ng tulong sa wika.
hane’í biká’ígíí bee hodíilnih.
Pakitawagan ang toll-free na numero ng telepono na nasa iyong
identification card. OGOW: Haddii aad ku hadasho Soomaali (Somali), adeegyada
taageerada luqadda, oo bilaash ah, ayaad heli kartaa. Fadlan
ВНИМАНИЕ: бесплатные услуги перевода доступны для wac lambarka telefonka khadka bilaashka ee ku yaalla kaarkaaga
людей, чей родной язык является русский (Russian). Позвоните aqoonsiga.
по бесплатному номеру телефона, указанному на вашей
идентификационной карте. ગુજરાતી (Gujarati): ધ્યાન આપો: જો તમે ગુજરાતી બોલતા હો તો આપને
تنبيه: إذا كنت تتحدث العربية (Arabic)، فإن خدمات المساعدة اللغوية ભાષાકીય મદદરૂપ સેવા વવના મૂલ્યે પ્રાપ્ય છે. મહેરબાની કરી તમારા
આઈડી કાડડની સૂચિ પર આપેલા સભ્ય માટેના ટોલ-ફ્રી નંબર ઉપર કોલ
المجانية متاحة لك. يُرجى الاتصال برقم الهاتف المجاني المدرج على
કરો.
بطاقة التعريف الخاصة بك.
Administrative services provided by United HealthCare Services, Inc. and their affiliates.
Facebook.com/UnitedHealthcare Twitter.com/UHC Instagram.com/UnitedHealthcare YouTube.com/UnitedHealthcare
B2C 9183517.0 11/19 ©2020 United HealthCare Services, Inc. DBID : 19-12550

