AFA CPOSII 1000 80-50 $0LXR CY V23 (1-1-2024)
Aetna Choice® POS II (Open Access)
PLAN DESIGN & BENEFITS
ADMINISTERED BY AETNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
PLAN FEATURES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Primary Care Physician Selection Not required Not required
Deductible (per calendar year) $1,000 Individual $2,000 Individual
$2,000 Family $6,000 Family
Unless otherwise indicated, the deductible must be met before benefits can be paid.
All covered expenses accumulate separately toward the network and out-of-network Deductible.
As indicated in the plan, member cost sharing for certain services are excluded from the charges to meet the deductible.
No one family member may contribute more than the individual deductible amount to the family deductible. Once the family
deductible is met, all family members will be considered as having met their deductible for the remainder of the year.
Member Coinsurance 20% 50%
(applies to all expenses unless otherwise stated)
Out-of-Pocket (OOP) Maximum $5,000 Individual $12,000 Individual
(per calendar year, includes deductible) $10,000 Family $36,000 Family
All covered expenses accumulate separately toward the network and out-of-network Out of Pocket Limit.
Pharmacy expenses apply towards the Out-of-Pocket Maximum.
Only those out-of-pocket expenses resulting from the application of coinsurance percentage, deductibles, and copays (except any
penalty amounts) may be used to satisfy the out-of-pocket maximum.
No one family member may contribute more than the individual out-of-pocket maximum amount to the family out-of-pocket
maximum. Once the family out-of-pocket maximum is met, all family members will be considered as having met their out-of-pocket
maximum for the remainder of the year.
Payment for Out-of-Network Care* Not applicable Professional: 105% of Medicare
Facility: 140% of Medicare
Precertification Requirements
Some out-of-network services need approval by us in advance (precertification). Without this approval, a benefit reduction of $400
per occurrence applies separately to each type of covered service. Refer to your plan documents for a full list of services that need
this approval.
Referral Requirement Not Required Not applicable
PHYSICIAN SERVICES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Office Visits to Non-Specialist $25 copay deductible waived 50% after deductible
PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIAN
Includes services of an internist, general physician, family practitioner or pediatrician for diagnosis and treatment of an illness or
injury.
Telemedicine Consultations with Non-Specialist $25 copay deductible waived 50% after deductible
Virtual Primary Care Telemedicine Provider Covered in full Not Covered
Consultations
Includes basic medical and preventive health care
services for persons 18 years of age or older.
Telemedicine preventive screening and counseling
services are subject to the preventive care benefit.
Non-Specialist Telemedicine Provider Covered in full Not Covered
Consultations
Specialist Office Visits $75 copay deductible waived 50% after deductible
Telemedicine Consultations with Specialist $75 copay deductible waived 50% after deductible
Specialist Telemedicine Provider Consultations Covered in full Not Covered
Non-Specialist and Specialist Surgical Services 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Walk-in Clinics Designated Walk-in Clinics: 50% after deductible
Covered in full
All Other Network Providers:
$25 copay deductible waived
Print Date: 03/14/2024 TPID: 30016301 Page 1
AFA CPOSII 1000 80-50 $0LXR CY V23 (1-1-2024)
Aetna Choice® POS II (Open Access)
PLAN DESIGN & BENEFITS
ADMINISTERED BY AETNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Walk-in clinics are freestanding health care facilities that (a) may be located in or with a pharmacy, drug store, supermarket or
other retail store; and (b) provide limited medical care and services on a scheduled or unscheduled basis. Urgent care centers,
emergency rooms, the outpatient department of a hospital, ambulatory surgical centers, and physician offices are not considered
to be walk-in clinics.
Telemedicine Consultations for Non-Emergency Cost-sharing is based on type of 50% after deductible
Services through a Walk-in Clinic service and where it is received.
If telemedicine preventive screening and counseling
services are provided through a walk-in clinic, these
services are paid under the preventive care benefit.
Maternity - Delivery and Post-Partum Care 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Allergy Testing HOSPITAL NEWBORN DELIVERY Cost-sharing is based on type of 50% after deductible
service and where it is received.
Allergy Injections 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
PREVENTIVE CARE NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Preventive care services are covered in accordance with Health Care Reform.
Routine Adult Physical Exams and Immunizations Covered in full 50% after deductible
Limited to 1 exam every 12 months.
Well Child Exams and Immunizations Covered in full 50% after deductible
Provides coverage for 7 exams in the first year of life; 3
exams in the second year; 3 exams in the third year;
and 1 exam per 12 months from age 3 to age 22.
Routine Gynecological Exams Covered in full 50% after deductible
Includes routine tests and related lab fees. Limited to 1
exam every 12 months.
Routine Mammograms Covered in full 50% after deductible
Women's Health Covered in full 50% after deductible
Includes: Screening for gestational diabetes, HPV
(Human Papillomavirus) DNA testing, counseling for
sexually transmitted infections, counseling and
screening for Human Immunodeficiency Virus,
screening and counseling for interpersonal and
domestic violence, breastfeeding support, supplies,
and counseling. Contraceptive methods, sterilization
procedures, patient education and counseling.
Limitations may apply.
Prenatal Maternity Covered in full 50% after deductible
Routine Digital Rectal Exam / Covered in full 50% after deductible
Prostate-Specific Antigen Test
Recommended: For covered males age 40 and over.
Colorectal Cancer Screening Covered in full 50% after deductible
Recommended: For all members age 45 and over.
Routine Eye and Hearing Screenings Paid as part of routine physical Paid as part of routine physical
exam. exam.
HEARING SERVICES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Hearing Exam (by Specialist) Not covered Not covered
Hearing Aid Not covered Not covered
VISION SERVICES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Adult Routine Eye Exams (Refraction) Covered in full 50% after deductible
Coverage is limited to 1 exam every 12 months.
Pediatric Routine Eye Exams (Refraction) Covered in full 50% after deductible
Coverage is limited to 1 exam every 12 months.
Adult Vision Hardware Not Covered Not Covered
Pediatric Vision Hardware Not Covered Not Covered
DIAGNOSTIC PROCEDURES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Print Date: 03/14/2024 TPID: 30016301 Page 2
AFA CPOSII 1000 80-50 $0LXR CY V23 (1-1-2024)
Aetna Choice® POS II (Open Access)
PLAN DESIGN & BENEFITS
ADMINISTERED BY AETNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Diagnostic Laboratory Covered in full 50% after deductible
Diagnostic X-ray (except for Complex Imaging Covered in full 50% after deductible
Services)
Diagnostic X-ray for Complex Imaging Services 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
(Including, but not limited to, MRI, MRA, PET and CT
Scans)
EMERGENCY MEDICAL CARE NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Urgent Care Provider $75 copay deductible waived 50% after deductible
Non-Urgent Use of Urgent Care Provider Not covered Not covered
Emergency Room $300 copayment after deductible, Paid as in-network
Copay waived if admitted. then 20%
USE THE SAME AMOUNT AS IN NETWORK
Non-Emergency Care in an Emergency Room Not covered Not covered
Emergency Use of Ambulance 20% after deductible Paid as in-network
Non-Emergency Use of Ambulance 20% after deductible Paid as in-network
HOSPITAL CARE NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Inpatient Coverage 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Including maternity (delivery and postpartum care).
The member cost sharing applies to all covered
benefits incurred during a member's inpatient stay.
Outpatient Surgery 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Provided in an outpatient hospital department or
freestanding surgical facility.
Colonoscopy Cost-sharing is based on type of Cost-sharing is based on type of
(non-preventive) service and where it is received. service and where it is received.
Transplants 20% after deductible Not covered
Coverage is limited to IOE facilities only.
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
(MENTAL HEALTH and SUBSTANCE RELATED
DISORDERS)
Inpatient Services 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
(including inpatient residential treatment facility)
The member cost sharing applies to all covered
benefits incurred during a member's inpatient stay.
Outpatient Office Visits Covered in full 50% after deductible
The member cost sharing applies to all covered
benefits incurred during a member's outpatient visit.
Physician or Behavioral Health Provider Covered in full 50% after deductible
Telemedicine Consultations
Telemedicine Provider Consultations Covered in full Not Covered
Other Outpatient Services Covered in full 50% after deductible
(Includes partial hospitalization treatment, intensive
outpatient program.)
THERAPY SERVICES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Outpatient Chiropractic/Spinal Manipulation $75 copayment after deductible 50% after deductible
Therapy
Coverage is limited to 60 visits per year
PT/OT/ST/Chiro combined.
Print Date: 03/14/2024 TPID: 30016301 Page 3
AFA CPOSII 1000 80-50 $0LXR CY V23 (1-1-2024)
Aetna Choice® POS II (Open Access)
PLAN DESIGN & BENEFITS
ADMINISTERED BY AETNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Outpatient Short-Term Rehabilitation - Physical $75 copayment after deductible 50% after deductible
Therapy
Coverage is limited to 60 visits per year
PT/OT/ST/Chiro combined.
Outpatient Short-Term Rehabilitation - $75 copayment after deductible 50% after deductible
Occupational Therapy
Coverage is limited to 60 visits per year
PT/OT/ST/Chiro combined.
Outpatient Short-Term Rehabilitation - Speech $75 copayment after deductible 50% after deductible
Therapy
Coverage is limited to 60 visits per year
PT/OT/ST/Chiro combined.
Habilitative Physical, Occupational and Speech Covered in full 50% after deductible
Therapy
Autism Physical, Occupational and Speech Covered in full 50% after deductible
Therapy
Autism Behavioral Therapy Covered in full 50% after deductible
Autism Applied Behavior Analysis Covered in full 50% after deductible
OTHER SERVICES NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Skilled Nursing Facility 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Coverage is limited to 60 days per year.
The member cost sharing applies to all covered
benefits incurring during a member's inpatient stay.
Home Health Care 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Coverage is limited to 60 visits per year.
Infusion Therapy 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Provided in the home or physician's office.
Infusion Therapy 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
Provided in the outpatient hospital department of
freestanding facility.
Gene-Based, Cellular and Other Innovative Cost-sharing is based on type of Not Covered
Therapies (GCIT) service and where it is received.
Coverage is limited to GCIT-designated facilities only.
Inpatient Hospice Care 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
The member cost sharing applies to all covered
benefits incurred during a member's inpatient stay.
Outpatient Hospice Care 20% after deductible 50% after deductible
The member cost sharing applies to all covered
benefits incurred during a member's outpatient visit.
Private Duty Nursing - Outpatient Not covered Not covered
Acupuncture $25 copay deductible waived Not covered
Coverage is limited to 10 visits per year.
Durable Medical Equipment 50% after deductible 50% after deductible
Prosthetics 50% after deductible 50% after deductible
Diabetic Supplies not obtainable at a pharmacy Covered same as any other medical Covered same as any other medical
expense. expense.
Mouth, Jaws and Teeth Cost-sharing is based on type of 50% after deductible
Coverage for medical in nature oral surgery only. No service and where it is received.
coverage for dental in nature oral surgery or for
removal of impacted teeth.
Bariatric Surgery Not Covered Not Covered
FAMILY PLANNING NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Print Date: 03/14/2024 TPID: 30016301 Page 4
AFA CPOSII 1000 80-50 $0LXR CY V23 (1-1-2024)
Aetna Choice® POS II (Open Access)
PLAN DESIGN & BENEFITS
ADMINISTERED BY AETNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Infertility Treatment Cost-sharing is based on type of 50% after deductible
Covered only for the diagnosis and treatment of the service and where it is received.
underlying medical condition.
Comprehensive Infertility Services Not Covered Not Covered
Artificial insemination or ovulation induction
Advanced Reproductive Technology (ART) Not Covered Not Covered
In-vitro fertilization (IVF), zygote intrafallopian transfer
(ZIFT), gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT),
cryopreserved embryo transfers, intracytoplasmic
sperm injection (ICSI), or ovum microsurgery
Vasectomy Cost-sharing is based on type of 50% after deductible
service and where it is received.
Tubal Ligation Covered in full 50% after deductible
PHARMACY DEDUCTIBLE NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
Prescription drug calendar year deductible Not Applicable under both the Not Applicable under both the
network care and out-of-network network care and out-of-network
columns. columns.
PHARMACY - PRESCRIPTION NETWORK CARE OUT-OF-NETWORK CARE
DRUG BENEFITS
Generic Drugs
Retail Generic - T1A: $3 copayment 50%
TIER 1
Generic - T1: $10 copayment
Mail Order Generic - T1A: $6 copayment Not covered
Generic - T1: $20 copayment
Preferred Brand Drugs
T I E R 2 Retail $45 copayment 50%
Mail Order $90 copayment Not covered
Non-Preferred Generic and Brand Drugs
T I E R 3 Retail $75 copayment 50%
Mail Order $150 copayment Not covered
Specialty Drugs
T I E R 4 Preferred Specialty 20% up to $250 Not covered
T I E R 5 Non-Preferred Specialty 40% up to $500 Not covered
Pharmacy Day Supply and Requirements
Retail
Up to 30 day supply from the Aetna National Pharmacy Network
Mail Order
31-90 day supply from a participating mail service pharmacy or at selected participating retail providers
Maintenance Choice® with Opt Out - After two retail fills, members must choose to fill a 90-day supply of their maintenance
drugs at a participating mail service pharmacy or at selected participating retail providers. If the member wants to continue to fill
their 30-day supply at any other network pharmacy, they simply need to call us at the number on their member ID card. If they do
not notify us that they want to opt out of the 90-day supply at a participating mail service pharmacy or at selected participating
retail providers, they’ll be responsible for 100 percent of their medication cost. The member may call us any time, even from the
pharmacy, to let us know that they intend to opt out of the benefit.
Specialty- Up to a 30 day supply. First prescription fill at any retail or specialty pharmacy. Subsequent fills must be through the
Aetna Specialty Network.
True Accumulation - Some specialty prescription drugs may qualify for third-party copay assistance programs, like a
manufacturer coupon or a rebate. These could lower out-of-pocket costs. Any amount received through one of these programs will
not apply towards the Deductible or Out-of-Pocket Maximum.
Choose Generics with Dispense as Written (DAW) override - The member pays the applicable cost-sharing only if the
physician requires brand. If the member requests brand when a generic is available, the member pays the applicable cost-sharing
plus the cost difference between the generic and brand. The cost difference between the generic and brand does not count toward
the Deductible or Out-of-Pocket Maximum.
Precertification - Included. See formulary for details.
Step Therapy - Included. See formulary for details.
Pharmacy Plan includes:
Print Date: 03/14/2024 TPID: 30016301 Page 5
AFA CPOSII 1000 80-50 $0LXR CY V23 (1-1-2024)
Aetna Choice® POS II (Open Access)
PLAN DESIGN & BENEFITS
ADMINISTERED BY AETNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
Contraceptive drugs and devices obtainable from a pharmacy, Oral fertility drugs, Diabetic supplies.
Affordable Care Act mandated female contraceptives and preventive medications covered 100% in-network.
Preventive and seasonal vaccinations covered 100% in-network.
Cost-share is $0 copay, deductible waived, for preferred generic and brand diabetic supplies and preferred generic and brand
insulin.
Performance Enhancing Drugs - Coverage is excluded for lifestyle/performance drugs.
Not all drugs are covered. It is important to look at the Drug List (Advanced Control Plan - Aetna Formulary) to understand which
drugs are covered.
*How out-of-network care is reimbursed:
We cover the cost of services based on whether doctors are “in network” or “out of network.” We want to help members
understand how much Aetna pays for their out-of-network care. At the same time, we want to make it clear how much more
members will need to pay for this "out-of-network" care.
Members may choose a provider (doctor or hospital) in our network. Members may choose to visit an out-of-network provider. If a
member chooses a doctor who is out of network, their Aetna health plan may pay some of that doctor's bill. Most of the time,
members will pay a lot more money out of their own pocket if they choose to use an out-of-network doctor or hospital.
When members choose out-of-network care, Aetna limits the amount it will pay. This limit is called the "recognized" or "allowed"
amount.
The members' doctor sets his or her own rate to charge members. These rates may be higher -- sometimes much higher -- than
what the members' Aetna plan "recognizes." Members' doctors may bill them for the dollar amount that their plan doesn't
"recognize." Members must also pay any copayments, coinsurance and deductibles under their plan. No dollar amount above the
"recognized charge" counts toward their deductible or out-of-pocket maximums. To learn more about how we pay out-of-network
benefits visit Aetna.com. Type "how Aetna pays" in the search box.
Members can avoid these extra costs by getting their care from Aetna's network of health care providers. Go to www.aetna.com
and click on "Find a Doctor" on the left side of the page. Members can sign on to the Aetna member site.
This applies when members choose to get care out of network. When members have no choice (for example: emergency room
visit after a car accident, or for other emergency services), we will pay the bill as if the member got care in network. Members pay
cost sharing and deductibles for their in-network level of benefits. Members should contact Aetna if their health care provider asks
them to pay more. Members are not responsible for any outstanding balance billed by their providers for emergency services
beyond their cost sharing and deductibles.
What's Not Covered
This plan does not cover all health care expenses and includes exclusions and limitations. Members should refer to their plan
documents to determine which health care services are covered and to what extent. The following is a partial list of services and
supplies that are generally not covered. However, your plan documents may contain exceptions to this list based on state
mandates or the plan design or rider(s) purchased by your employer.
All medical or hospital services not specifically covered in, or which are limited or excluded in the plan documents; Charges related
to any eye surgery mainly to correct refractive errors;Cosmetic surgery; Custodial care; Dental services; Donor egg retrieval;
Experimental and investigational procedures; Hearing aids; Immunizations for travel or work; Infertility services, including, but not
limited to, artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI and other related services,
unless specifically listed as covered in your plan documents;
Nonmedically necessary services or supplies; Orthotics, except diabetic orthotics; Over-the-counter medications and supplies;
Reversal of sterilization; Services for the treatment of sexual dysfunction or inadequacies, including therapy, supplies, or
counseling; and special duty nursing. Weight control services including surgical procedures, medical treatments, weight
control/loss programs, dietary regimens and supplements, appetite suppressants and other medications; food or food
supplements, exercise programs, exercise or other equipment; and other services and supplies that are primarily intended to
control weight or treat obesity, including Morbid Obesity, or for the purpose of weight reduction, regardless of the existence of
comorbid conditions.
Print Date: 03/14/2024 TPID: 30016301 Page 6
AFA CPOSII 1000 80-50 $0LXR CY V23 (1-1-2024)
Aetna Choice® POS II (Open Access)
PLAN DESIGN & BENEFITS
ADMINISTERED BY AETNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
This material is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer of coverage nor medical advice. It contains only a partial,
general description of plan benefits or programs and does not constitute a contract.
Not all services are covered. See plan documents for a complete description of benefits, exclusions and limitations of coverage.
Plan features and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. Providers are independent contractors and are not
our agents. Provider participation may change without notice. We do not provide care or guarantee access to health services.
Medications on the Aetna Drug Guide, precertification, step-therapy and quantity limits lists are subject to change.
Aetna, CVS Pharmacy® and MinuteClinic, LLC (which either operates or provides certain management support services to
MinuteClinic-branded walk-in clinics) are part of the CVS Health® family of companies.CVS Caremark® Mail Service Pharmacy
and Aetna are part of the CVS Health® family of companies.
In case of emergency, call 911 or your local emergency hotline, or go directly to an emergency care facility.
While this information is believed to be accurate as of the print date, it is subject to change. For more information about Aetna
plans, refer to Aetna.com.
Aetna Funding AdvantageSM plans are self-funded, meaning the benefits coverage is provided by the employer. Plans are
administered by Aetna Life Insurance Company.
Print Date: 03/14/2024 TPID: 30016301 Page 7
